The following entities are known to have violated the terms of the Anti-Fascist License and are hereby forbidden to use the
    bundled Software:
Definitions:
A. "Control" includes being a major corporate officer, having a majority interest in voting shares, or 
B. "Government" is the government of a state, along with any of its agencies, departments, or corporations owned by said
    government.
1. The government of the United States, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
2. The following state governments of the United States, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof,
    including public universities located in these states:
    a. Alabama
    b. Arkensas
    c. Georgia
    d. Indiana
    e. North Dakota
    f. South Dakota
    g. Nebraska
    h. Idaho
    i. Oklahoma
    j. Texas
    k. Montana
    l. Wyoming
    m. Kansas
    n. Utah
    o. Iowa
    p. Missouri
    q. Louisiana
    r. Kentucky
    s. Tennessee
    t. Mississippi
    u. Ohio
    v. West Virginia
    w. North Carolina
    x. South Carolina
    y. Florida
3. The government of the People's Republic of China, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
4. The government of the State of Israel, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
5. Hamas, and any departments, divisions, or agencies thereof.
6. The government of Afghanistan, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
7. The government of Russia, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
8. The government of Belarus, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
9. The government of the United Kingdom, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof, including,
    but not limited to, the British Broadcasting Corporation.
10. The government of North Korea, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
11. The government of Qatar, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
12. The government of the United Arab Emirates, and any departments, agencies, or government-owned corporations thereof.
13. Donald Trump, and any organizations or corporations under his control.
14. JD Vance, and any organizations or corporations under his control.
15. Marco Rubio, and any organizations or corporations under his control.
16. Keir Starmer, and any organizations or corporations under his control.
17. Greg Abbott, and any organizations or corporations under his control.
18. Ron DeSantis, and any organizations or corporations under his control.
19. Vladimir Putin, and any organizations or corporations under his control.
20. Nayib Bukele, and any organizations or corporations under his control.
21. Pam Bondi, and any organizations or corporations under her control.
22. Gays Against Groomers, and any chapters affiliated with them.
23. The Alliance Defending Freedom.
24. Any organization on the Project 2025 Advisory Board.
25. Any organization which operates or is known as a "crisis pregnancy center."
26. Chaya Raichik, and any organizations or corporations under her control, including but not limited to Libs of TikTok.
27. The Republican Party in the United States ("The GOP"), and any committees, state parties affiliated with the GOP, or any leaders
    within the GOP.
28. The political party "Alternative Für Deutschland" (AfD) in Germany, and any committees or leaders within the AfD.
29. The political party "Vox" in Spain, and any committees or leaders within Vox.
30. The political party "Prawo i Sprawiedliwość" in Poland, which translates to "Law and Justice", and any committees or leaders
    within said party.
31. The Conservative Party of Canada (CPC) and any committees or leaders within the CPC.
32. Chick-fil-A, and any of its subsidiaries and franchisees.
33. Hobby Lobby, and any of its subsidiaries.
34. The Southern Baptist Convention, and any of its congregations.
35. Elon Musk, and any organizations or corporations under his control, including, but not limited to SpaceX,
    Twitter (also known as X), xAI, and Neuralink.
36. Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and any organizations or corporations under his control.
37. Autism Speaks, and any of their affiliates.